Block Lanczos for Multiple eigenvalues (#125)
Jutho/KrylovKit.jl: docs/src/man/implementation.md

KrylovKit.basistransform!
```

## Block Krylov method

> The block version of the Krylov subspace algorithm is an approach to extending Krylov subspace techniques from a block of starting vectors. It is mainly used for solving linear systems with repeated dominant eigenvalues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The block version of the Krylov subspace algorithm is an approach to extending Krylov subspace techniques from
a block of starting vectors. It is mainly used for solving eigenvalue problems with repeated eigenvalues.
```

KrylovKit.basistransform!
```

## Block Krylov method
The block version of the Krylov subspace algorithm is an approach to extending Krylov subspace techniques from
a block of starting vectors. It is mainly used for solving eigenvalue problems with repeated eigenvalues.

In our implementation, a block of vectors is stored in a new data structure `BlockVec`,
which implements the [`KrylovKit.block_qr!`](@ref), [`KrylovKit.block_reorthogonalize!`](@ref), and [`KrylovKit.block_orthogonalize!`](@ref) interfaces.

```@docs
KrylovKit.BlockVec
```

A block of vectors can be orthonormalized using
```@docs
KrylovKit.block_qr!
```

> This apply QR decomposition to a block of vectors using modified Gram-Schmidt process.

Reviewer: This sentence can go as it is already elaborately described in the docstring.
```suggestion
```
